Add changes based on PSA Attestation API 1.0.1 (ARM IHI 0085) (#44)
hannestschofenig/tschofenig-ids: psa-tokens/draft-tschofenig-rats-psa-token.md

| -75006 | Software Components | arm_psa_sw_components  | Array of map entries (compound map claim). See below for allowed key-values. |
| -75007 | No Software Measurements | arm_psa_no_sw_measurements  | Unsigned integer |
| -75008 | Auth Challenge | arm_psa_nonce  | Byte string |

> | -75009 | Instance ID | arm_psa_UEID  | Byte string (the type byte of the UEID should be set to 0x01. The type byte is described in the EAT draft.) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -75009 | Instance ID | arm_psa_UEID  | Byte string (the type byte of the UEID should be set to 0x01. The type byte is described in {{I-D.ietf-rats-eat}}.) |
```

Reviewer: I think we cannot be confident: the draft is by definition a work in progress.
So, the idea Hannes and I discussed is we do the necessary surgery to incorporate and freeze the parts we reference from EAT in a subsequent PR.
WDYT?

Reviewer: > I'm OK with handling that in a separate PR.

Cool, I'll work on that plan starting next week.

Reviewer: @adrianlshaw: #45 if you want to take a look

Author: Thanks!
